docs(faq): explain when new Renovate OSS releases are added to the hosted app (#22816)
renovatebot/renovate: docs/usage/faq.md

If you're using the hosted app, you don't need to do anything, as the Renovate maintainers update the hosted app regularly.
If you're self hosting Renovate, use the latest release if possible.

> ## Why is the Mend hosted app using a older version compared to source?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## When are new Renovate OSS releases added to the hosted Mend Renovate App?
```

> The Renovate maintainers manually update the hosted app.
> This means the hosted app can lag a few hours to a week behind the open source version.

Author: @rarkins commented in another PR:

> updates in the hosted app are approved manually, typically in <7 days from once the official image is published to Docker Hub

The `typically in <7 days` part is probably the most important thing users want to know.

Is `once the official image is published to Docker Hub` important for our users? It may be too much implementation-level detail. Maybe we can say: "The maintainers aim to update the hosted app within seven days of releasing a new open source version."

Here's a suggestion for @rarkins to edit: 😉 

```suggestion
The Renovate maintainers manually update the hosted app.
They aim to update the app within seven days of publishing a newer image on Docker Hub.
```

Reviewer: I think the existing wording is ok
